"Nowadays, people are more interested in famous people's private lives than in their own lives, so journalists also publish their routines in the newspaper. Some say it should get published and others like me disagree with it that it should not be on newspaper until it's not between public.\n\nTo begin with, getting to know about someone's private life and a person who is famous is a trending topic. But don't get that a person or you can celebrity life gets affected and it will make them feel irritated because once they get out from their house all their fans standing outside to see a person and get pictures with them. Now after this journalist comes they click their photos and put them between public. For example, a celebrity is travelling abroad for vacation with his/her family and a journalist will click a picture will write a celebrity is travelling abroad with his family and all the details about them. It should not be allowed to post or write all the details about a person it's his private life. But if a person from himself allowed to do that then it is different. \n\nOn the other hand, a job done by a journalist will give fame to a celebrity and make them grow even higher. Still, sometimes celebrity gets irritated because of their mood maybe by doing this/they may get defamed. The public will not like them and their carrier must be in trouble by doing this they will become their own enemy and can trouble in the future. it can lead to a person depression, anxiety, and many more. for example if one gets depressed and he commits suicide the fans of a particular will break and can take any step that can affect the community.  \n\nAs per my knowledge, people should not get in someone's personal life if it's a normal person or a celebrity it will make someone's life disturbing and journalists also should not post things until it's not between public.\n\nTo sum up, people should focus on their own lives and let others do their work so it will not affect their life and someone's other life also, or else it will affect the community and spread negativity."