"A vast majority of people around the world don't pay enough attention to their nutrition and lifestyle. And, of course, it often leads to unwanted consequences as different health problems that need to be solved. There are contradictory opinions regarding funding source of healthcare. As for me, I strongly believe that every person should be financial responsible for illnesses which are the result of inappropriate behaviour. \n\nFirst of all, it motivates both men and women to exclude as more bad habits as they can to save their money. It is absolutely obvious that citizens who don't worry about their own condition and needs of the organism should pay additional charge for medical insurance. For example, in some countries medical companies require patients to notify if they have particular bad habits such as smoking, alcohol abuse, lack of exercise and others. And the more they have the more they force to pay. Thus, it would decrease person's desire to buy harmful products or to smoke and make them to be more physically active. \n\nSecondly, it would save state resources for treating individuals with heavy deceases which were not caused by their activities. The main task of government is to provide community of basic healthcare and make it accessible to everyone. As we know, the advanced medical and surgical treatments are very expensive. For instance, sometimes we need to raise money for seriously ill people, because federal or local budgets lack to allocate funds for that purpose. Accordingly, if authorities stop spending savings for individuals which sicknesses are their own faults, it will be sufficient resources for those who dont provoke any deceases and suffer without therapy support. \n\nTo summarize, after analysing the above, it can be concluded that only personal choice to protect himself from sickness determines a degree of financial accountability. And what is also important, the prevention of health problems and illnesses is more necessary than treatment."