"\" Old is gold\" this saying is very famous and still relevant. \nBut in context of leaders there is always argument about old and young leader, Although leadership could not be defined by age factor perhaps it is a quality which beyond the age factor.\nBut every coin has two faces in the same way everything has two sides i.e positive and negative.\n\nThus older people are said to be much better leaders , can be justify by few points which are as follows:-\n\n1. Experience- older people have more time to accumulate experience in variety of situation. This experience can give them better understanding of challenges and opportunities  facing their organization. They are likely to have good relationship and public network as well as trust.\nBut young people are more energetic, innovative aware of modern technology and trend as well as of education, rely on smart work, and adaptive, ready to learn, and more flexible.\n\n2. Wisdom- Older people have more wisdom collected from their past mistakes, challenges and success. They are also likely to be more patient and understanding . But there is a saying learn from others mistake which a youngster can adapt to be a good leader. but one can build patient and understanding by self awareness i.e practicing gratitude, meditation  and disciple etc.\n\nStability and judgement:- Older people are typically more stable and reliable than younger one which is a very important quality required during crisis. But the world is changing young people are also changing themselves towards stability although majority have impulsive pattern due to age but it is not absolute.\n\nIn case of judgment of course old people  have more experience so there judgment might have dynamic perspective and have big picture regarding decision making but a good mature educated and aware empathic full of compassion can also be a good decision maker.\n\nOf course, not all older people are good leaders. And there are some young people who have qualities of good leader. Thus everything has its own advantage and disadvantage."