"Join now\nSign in\n\nMiles Pattison-AppletonExpand search\nHow People Focus too Much on Earning Money rather than Investing\nHow People Focus too Much on Earning Money rather than Inves\n\nWe live in a society where we are brought up to leave school or university and get a high paying job. This leads people to focus very heavily on finding the best paying jobs in their industry and work hard to keep that pay cheque coming in every month, then work even harder to gain a small pay rise or promotion. This is a traditional way of was is perceived as becoming successful in life. However, this philosophy has some fundamental problems with it. \n\nFirslty when you are working for a pay cheque you are purely swapping your time for money. This could be in the form of an hourly wage so for each hour you work you get paid for that work. Clearly if you dont work then you dont get paid. If you are on a salary, it is a similar situation. Yes, you might get holiday pay but perhaps only 25 days, which if a year if not a lot of time to enjoy the things you really love. Typically, with salaried jobs, people tend to work a lot more hours to get the tasks they have been assigned completed and if they go off sick then they might not get paid or if for some reason they have to stop working then they have no income coming it. This can cause real problems for the future for example losing your job or not being able to work for some reason, especially as the average family in the UK has only two months of savings in their bank. Obviously then after two months with no income coming in, they will find themselves in some real problems as they have mortgages to pay, utilities bill, and food to buy, let alone spare money for living on. \n\nHowever, how would it be if you could go away for months on end, not working and still have regular income pouring in, whatever you were doing? What about if you want to cut down your hours to spend more time with family or more time off traveling? This ability would allow a lot of freedom in life and it wouldnt matter if you were ill or didnt work for a while a you have the security of knowing that your basic costs of living would be covered, and you could survive for a year without a job. This is what people would love to be able to do but dont think it is possible. Well it is very feasible if you know how to invest money, making it work harder than in a bank and then receive passive regular recurring income from those investments. \n\nMost people are working far too hard focusing on gaining higher paying jobs and working harder and harder to gain that pay cheque coming in every month. Instead what about if they focused on creating reoccurring passive income from investments that make money while they sleep that is dependent on working to receive that money. If people spent more time focusing on investing and growing their money over time so that eventually they can receive monthly passive income then they would have a lot more security in their life and have the freedom to go and do the things they actually want to do in life, not having to worry about working to get money coming in. It seems a very unfair trade off to work for five days a week to get only two off in return or even worse spending the majority of the year working to get a few weeks off. \n\nAn example of this would be if someone was to invest in an HMO property, they could receive between 500 and 1000 + EVERY MONTH for the term they own that property for. How many of those would it take to replace someones salary? I would guess between two to four. Thats it! Yes, they would have some work to do upfront with purchasing the property and getting to ready to be let (unless you find a partner to do all of that for you thus creating a truly passive investment),and then hand it over to a letting agent who would deal with the ongoing management and letting of the property so they do not have to get involved at all. \n\nHow would you feel if you knew you had a that sort of money coming in each month without having to do anything from it? You are literally getting paid while you sleep! There are also other benefits from owning property such as the capital growth in the future from the property which they could eventually benefit from if they wished. \n\nThis would allow you to retire early if you wanted to or cut down your hours at work or go and get the job someone actually wants and not just one for a higher salary. Perhaps go part time and spend more time doing other more enjoyable pursuits, knowing that whatever happens they will be able to pay the bills and not have to worry about money if there is no traditional income coming in from a job. \n\nIf people were to spend more time focusing on investing and growing their spare cash, opposed to working harder and harder to make more then people would be a lot happier. \n\n\n"