"Happiness is an emotion that we discover inside our own selves as human beings. An object can make a person happy for a short while but happiness is for a lifetime. If somebody thinks money can buy happiness then that is not true happiness.\n\nMoney is given huge importance and the simple things which bring us true happiness are often overlooked. One of the things that give happiness is love. It does not cost anything but can fill your life with happiness. This feeling cannot be purchased. It cannot be traded for any amount of money in the world. Generally, people believe that they can make someone feel happy or loved with the help of money, and perhaps they can but only for a while.Happiness is a difficult word to define. The way of measuring happiness is different for everyone. Few people trust that money can buy happiness, whereas others disagree. According to me, although having lots of money will surely provide us lot of ways to entertain ourselves but it cant buy love and happiness.\n\nMoney cant buy love and a happy life comes from having good friends and family who care about us. Our life becomes meaningful and happy when we are around loved ones. For example, I have read an article about a famous actress in Bollywood who died due to depression and was all alone during her last days. She had been a really popular actress because of her beauty and acting skills. Even though she was earning a huge fortune every year, she was not happy as she didnt have any close friend or family who could take care of her. Whereas I have seen people who have a happy life without money because they are surrounded by people who love them and care for them.\n\nIn most cases people have to work hard to earn lots of money and due to which they have less time for their social life. Many businessmen work 6 days a week and earn good money but they dont have the time to spend that money and remain stressed. People have money but if they dont have the time to enjoy their life than it is worthless."