"\nTime, most of us never seem to have enough, and we're spending plenty of time to earn money. That's why time is money, so the more time we have, the more money we can obtain. Let's look at it in another way. Is time the more valuable here, or we are wasting it to accumulate something less valuable?\nYou can't get the lost moments back\nThere are numerous ways to earn more money. As it's not something we want to do, we still have the option to sell possessions, work an extra hour, offering a freelance work, or maybe even win a few bucks on a lottery ticket. But there is no way to create more time. You can't add an extra hour to the day, can't give yourself 10 extra years by investing in the \"market.\" Time is limited for us. We may have 85 years to live and proceed, or we may only get 30. This is worth keeping in mind when you are investing more time making money than you are with friends and family. Those times are valuable and long-lasting.\nYou can do more with a Day off than with a Day's Pay\nA paid day is different for everyone, Paid day to a CEO person or an employee is still the same, owing to the situation. Either it can buy you a new IPad or a new Suit, the point is that a day's pay is finite. You will use a limited amount of money that can buy a limited luxury.\nWith a day off work, the world is your oyster. Well, you may be not traveling to Paris or Hiking Mount Everest, but you really can do all sorts of stuff that you can't do while at work. You can spend that time to paint that picture were dreaming for or you can try a new recipe. You can meditate, and find some of that inner peace you've been looking for. At the end of the day, a \"thing\" that costs money will never compete with an experience that broadens the mind or simply makes you happy.\nTime Creates More Memories than Money\nWhat about all those best moments in your life so far? Few of them are based on money, Most of them based on time spent with friends and family!! Very rarely we sit back and thought, yes! The day I got that new dress was awesome! Our most treasured memories come from time spent with the people we love, and in places we explored. Yes, it certainly cost you a few bucks to travel. Luxurious vacations are definitely something we need money for, but we also value those times we walked hand-in-hand with a loved one on the beach or local amusement park with friends. Time gives us those memories we can look back on and laug"