"Having an enjoyable job is the dream of everyone, having the pleasure to go to work and spend the days doing something we like sounds amazing.  Nowadays people want to have the perfect job with the perfect salary to have the perfect lifestyle in order to be able to travel throughout the world, to have a good house where to live, to enjoy dinners out, but those jobs are hard to find.\r\n\r\nSome people believe that the most important is to have an enjoyable job no matter how much the salary is. A pleasant job means happiness on our daily basis, because it isnt seen as job anymore, its seen as a hobby. However, in the end of the month everyone needs to have enough money to eat and to pay their bills. Its crucial to find a job that we like and allows at least to survive at the end of the month.\r\n\r\nOn the other hand, having a good lifestyle and having a salary which grant us a comfortable life is also important. In my point of view, this topic is really personal, it depends from person to person; Some people prefer to have a lower salary and a pleasant job as opposed to others who prefer to have a work which isnt the ideal but allows them to have a better quality of life. \r\n\r\nTo sum up the best of both worlds is to find a balance between a job we like where the salary is high enough to a have a good life.\n\nPeople have a different view about earning money an enjoyable work than get paid a lot.Some people believe that it is more significant to have a delightful work than to get a lot of money.Other people disagree and assume that a high income lead to greater life. \r\n\r\n   The main reason job satisfaction is so important is that it gives people a sense of satisfaction that money cannot guarantee.Even if someone receives a high salary, but feels stressed and unhappy, such a person cannot enjoy life.For example, the artist enjoys the process of painting pictures and does not always get enough money.\r\n\r\n  I make it clear that I agree with this view about getting a high salary is better rather than working on delightful job,because there is such a thing as need. So if the salary is good, then why not work. Considering that everyone has high living expenses.You have to pay taxes, utilities, buy clothes and food. For instance, an individual works in an office, a person does not like work, but he has to cover his expenses since he assumed obligations.Even if the money does not go to use, it will be possible to cover the need with it.\r\n"