"Friends are the family one chooses, and true friends stay with us through thick and thin. A speech on friendship can be given on the occasion of friendship day or any occasion when one wants to celebrate friendship and share the role of friendship in ones life with others. Here, we will discuss several ways of presenting a friendship speech, like a long speech on friendship and a short speech on friendship. Also, 10 lines on friendship speech in English are discussed below.Long and Short Friendship Speech in EnglishLong Speech on FriendshipA long version of a speech on friendship can be framed as follows.Very good morning to everyone. Today, I would like to deliver a speech on friendship which will take us on a walk through the streets of nostalgia and relive the precious essence of friendship that we all have experienced.Friend. That one kid who stole your candy in school or the one student who gained more marks than you in college, or the topper who taught you everything just before an exam in university. Every friend that crosses our path in life always has something to give us, be it good memories, lessons, or just something worthwhile. True friends are always there for us through thick and thin, through good or bad, and through weal and woe. True friends support us in our decisions and correct us for our well-being. Through this speech on friendship, I am delighted to extend my gratitude to all such friends I am blessed with.All types of friendships have something or the other thats unique and special, a best friend, an acquaintance, or a group of friends. Whoever that may be, a friend should always be the one who fuels our passion to flying rather than clipping our wings. As we grow older, making new friends seems to be a tough job as we create a comfort zone of our own. So, the ones who remain friends since childhood and never give up on each other are the ones who are valuable.Friendship shouldnt be accompanied by jealousy, ego, or insecurity. A good friendship is one where people can share all their emotions heart to heart without the fear of being judged. Although friends have numerous memories to giggle about, friendship is not only about smiles or jokes. Friends should always respect each other, understand each other and support each other throughout. No one is perfect in this world. So, insecurities and flaws just make a person complete and friends are the ones who never judge each other over each others flaws or insecurities, rather support each other when they get agitated due to the same. Searching for the good in people, accepting their flaws, and staying loyal help people end up being good friends.Friends are very special as we choose them to be with us and include them in our lives. So, one must make sure that they choose good ones. In this busy world, people tend to drift apart from each other due to work or other engagements. Friendships are the strongest when they reach a stage where they don't need to communicate every day to maintain the bond.In conclusion, I would like to say that with time, friends also become family and a place for us to seek closure. Such friends should be cherished and celebrated as much as possible, and gratitude should be expressed from time to time. I am so grateful to have such amazing friends who are like a family to me. I am thankful for these precious bonds that I have created over time and spending time with them makes everything better. Friendship is the only bond that survives through thick and thin."