"Young people today are now facing more pressure than ever before.\nFirstly, compared to previous generations, younger folks are under pressure to fulfil more expectations. This means that younger people are expected to achieve more, get high grades, go to good colleges, get a good job, have their own business, etc. from the moment they enter school. So much pressure is put on their shoulders from such a young age that they get no time to rest or discover themselves or their passion. While previous generations not only had time to spend, but werent expected to do anything other than marry, breed, and live their day-to-day lives.\nSecond, young people are not supported emotionally through their struggles. Their parents view mental health as a taboo topic and raise their children to consider it as such. Thus, when someone starts struggling, they are shunned by society, and isolate themselves since no one is there for them to provide support or recommend professional help, leading the younger generation to turn into drugs, unsafe coping mechanisms, depression, nihilism, and in some unfortunate cases, suicide.\nThirdly, young people are exposed to the harsh realities of life. Whether they are using their phones, TVs, PCs, etc. they are always bombarded with news from all around the global. Sometimes its news about a disease emerging from China, other times its a mass shooting in the United States of America, sometimes it is about war crimes committed in Africa or the Middle East, and other times, its about the rape and death of innocents in their own home country. So much negative news enters the minds of our children, poisoning them, and making them feel truly helpless to the harsh world they live in.\nTo wrap up, young people are bearing too much pressure on their shoulders compared to previous generations. Whether its the high expectations they are supposed to achieve, exposure to constant depressive news, or lack of support through all their struggles, they deserve to be cut some slack, for they are seeing too much at such a young age.\n"