   Have you ever wondered why most supermarkets have banned plastic bags? Plastic bags are one of the most harmfull things that harm the environment, therefore, more and more supermarkets around the world are starting to ban the usage of plastic bags. We as a school can take part in being a part of this movement, and ban the usage of plastic bags in our school. The reason why plastic bags are so harmful is because they are not easy to recycle, harmful to soil and it takes a very long time for them to dissolve on land. 

   The plastic bags used and thrown in bins don't get recycled, and the ones that are recycled cost a lot of money. Because of the material that are used in plastic bags, it's not an easy task to recycle them. Therefore, they get thrown away, where they stay in nature for years. Because of that, instead of recycling, new plastic bags get made because of the fact that it's cheaper then regular bags, and this causes a problem at a larger scale. The unrecycled plastic bags are also mostly thrown away on the streets, carried by the wind. Those kind of plastic bags take hunderds of years to dissolve and are extremely harmful to soil. 
   
   Plastic bags are one of the most toxic things to soil and natural life. You may probably have seen pictures of animals in water with plastic bags stuck to them. Those animals will most likely have to live like that for the rest of their lives. Along with that, plastic bags that are left on soil are very harmful. They also don't dissolve there for a long period of time, so it will keep damaging the soil for a long time. 

   The last reason why plastic bags should not be allowed in our school is becuase of the extreme time it takes for these bags to dissolve. A plastic bag left on the nature or anywhere can survive for hundreds of years. Plus, considering that they are very dangerous to nature and animals, this means that they harm the environment for hundreds of years. 

   In summary, every plastic bag that is thrown away or not recycled is a toxic substance for the environment to deal with for the next hundreds of years. What we can at least do is ban the usage of plastic bags in our school, so that we can at least have a small impact on this movement. The world is in our hands, and we should do whatever we can to make it a better place.