In these few decades, it has become more common in stores such as markets to stop using plastic bags. In my opinion, banning plastic bags has more good effects than negative effects. The benefits of banning plastic bags include less waste that harms the environment and positive effects on our health. Therefore, I support the idea of banning plastic bags, and even at our school, plastic bags should be banned. 

In the past, humans have prioritized convenience than the enviornment, so large amounts of plastic products such as plastic bags are manufactured. These plastic can create an enviormental hazard and lead to many negative effects to the wildlife. This is because plastic is known for being unbiodegradable, it is difficult for humans to recycle these plastic. As a result, much of the plastic is thrown into the ocean, forest, rivers, etc. When these plstic end up in the environment, many animals such as sea turtles and fish would mistake them as food and swallow them. Plastic can not be digested, so if plastic end up in an animals' internal systems, it has a large chance of killing them.

Another reason why plastic bags should not be used is that it creates harm not only to animals, it also creates health issues for humans too. As said above, when fish consumes these plastic and gets into their internal system, it cannot be digested. Thus, if the animal continues to live after consuming plastic, it would be stuck in its internal systems. Later, if the fish is caught by fisherman and later is eaten by people, the plastic would also makes its way into our stomach and intestines, which is bad for our health. Furthermore, petrol is an essential material used to produce plastic. During this process of manufacturing plastic products, much of the waste is released into the air. When humans breath this pollution into our lungs, it also creates many health problems such as cancer. 

Lastly, this is not to say that we should never use plastic bags. Since plastic bags are very durable, it makes it a perfect bag to be easily reused. For example, if a mother goes to the market everyday and uses a new plastic bag, there would be a large amount of plastic bags produced to meet the usage demands. However, if the mother reuses the plastic bag and ends up only using two or three plastic bags throughout the year, then there would be very plstic bags produced. This would be much better for the enviornment. 

In conclusion, places such as schools and supermarkets should stop giving out plastic bags because it creates harm to the environment, including wildlife, and other negative health effects on us humans. Because plastic bags can be easily reused, each person should bring their own bags to carry items.