The use of plastic bags is destroying the planet. For many decades people have used plastic bags all around the world and it has become a daily essential. Its main purpose is to carry your groceries when you go shopping, but most people don't know the terrors of using a plastic bag. There are 3 main reasons why plastic bags should be banned at our school. The first is that it takes many years for any plastic to decompose. secondly, when producing plastic emits a lot of carbon dioxide. Thirdly, it's causing harm to wildlife and putting species in threat.

Plastic bags take many years to decompose which is the major cause of environmental damage. Plastic bags release toxic substances that'll affect the soil when they perish under the sunlight. This could lead to many plants and trees dying and not being able to grow because of the substance that is ruining the soil. Since plastic bags take a long time to decompose, humans found the best way to get rid of plastic was to burn it. At first, this seems like an excellent idea but burning the plastic will lead to the toxic substance being released into the air and cause air pollution. 

When producing plastic bags it emits a small amount of carbon dioxide but since human consumption involves mostly plastic, million tons of plastic are being produced every year, which results in a small amount of carbon dioxide emitting a large amount. As a result of this large amount of carbon dioxide, the earth's temperature is getting warmer, which leads to ice caps in the arctic melting and large floods can be seen all around the world. Millions of people were displaced out of their homes due to the floods and some don't have a place to stay anymore.

Plastic bags are also causing harm to the wildlife and putting animals endangered. Another solution that humans had found to dispose of their plastics is to dump them into the ocean or forests. Since much plastic waste was dumped into the ocean and the wildlife, many animals would either think it's food or gets trapped by the garbage and suffocate. Since plastic takes many years to decompose eating it won't decompose in your body which led to millions of animals dying and putting them endangered.

Therefore we should ban using plastic bags at our schools to prevent endangering the planet and the wildlife from our demand for human consumption. We should all start reducing are use for plastics in general to help save the planet.

 