                                                                                                          Should plastic bags be banned in school ?
                                                                                                                                     By Micah Pang 

Nowadays people can find plastic bags anywhere, but do you know what can a plastic bag do to the nature ? Plastic bags can lead to serious risks like sea pollution, overflowing landfills, broken down into toxic substances. All though plastic bag is harmful, people still use it because it is convinent and therefore number of serious problems produced by plastic bag has been increasing. 

Here are some reasons why plastic bag should be banned. Firstly, plastic bags can ruin the ecosystem. For example, there are many cases about sea turtle eating plastic bag because they thought that was jelly fish. As a result, the sea turtles died because they are not able to digest the plastic bags. Another reason is that plastic bag can overflow the landfills. Plastics are substances that are hard to decompose, it may need 1000 years to be decompose. In this 1000 years, the plastic bag will be broken down slowly and continue to pollute the environment. Therefore plastic bags should be banned in school. 

People may worry that their banning plastic bags in school may affect them. For example they may need to bring a bag when they are buying things in the school. We can use items like paper bags to replace plastic bags. Shops in school can change to sell paper bags instead of plastic bags to students. If students don't want to buy paper bags from the shops, they can bring their own bag to school. And this won't affect students and it will be covinient too. 

In conclusion, I believe that plastic bags should be banned in the school so we can save the environment and also the animals. According to the ideas above, students can use different items or ways to reduce the number of plastic bag used in the school. We should build a community that cares and therefore the school should ban plastic bags to save the world. 