There are a lot of things to give up as a celebrity, such as time, energy, sleep, and much more. But for their personal life, I really think that it is unreasonable to expect all celebrities to give up their personal life as they are still humans, they are just same as us. Celebrities have to spend time and energy not only to satisfy the audience, but to spend time doing what they want to do outside of celebrity things.
Firstly, all celebrities have families and friends, just like we do. If we were a celebrity we would want to take some time off and spend time with our loved ones and our friends. And if celebrities don't interact with their friends and families, they might worry about the whereabouts of the celebrities. which is the last thing their families and friends want to happen. Celebrities would also love to know about the conditions that their families are at, the last thing they want might also be not able to connect with their families. A lot of celebrities would rather give up their careers just to spend more time with their families and friends.
Secondly, celebrities also have hobbies outside of maybe making a movie or playing sport competitions. For example, a professional basketball player, Wardell Stephen Curry, also loves playing golf and is often times spotted playing golf with his family and friends. Celebrities would also need time to rest and catch on to the real world and about what's happening outside of the celebrity world.
Although celebrities must have time to do things other than their duties, they must not neglect what the audience wants. They should also priorities their time and energy on how much they spend on the audience and their own personal life. They should fulfil the audiences wishes to an extent or have a limit to what they should do or what they shouldn't based on the celebritiy's morality. There isn't really a straight line on weather or not listening to the public about this or that is right or wrong. But there has to be a "bottom line" to everything that they do or don't do.
To wrap this up. In my opinion, there is no straight answer to weather giving up their personal life is good or bad, but obviously they'll have to consider a bit about their personal life. It's mostly just if the celebrity is happy and having a wonderful time.