When I was a little kid, about 7 years old, one of my friends introduced me to a famous celebrity named Jay Chou which is one of the top singers in China. I personally really liked his song for example tornado, and I always wished that he could come to my house to visit me and I wanted to communicate with him about his songs, but I know that's impossible because I know that such a famous person wouldn't come to my home for no reason. One sunny and quite day, when I was at my home listening to Jays's music, I suddenly heard the doorbell ringing, I went to check who it was. when I slowly opened the door, I saw my favorite singer Jay chou standing outside the door! I couldn't believe my eyes so I rubbed my eyes to see if it was actually true that One of China's top singere is at the front of my door. It was true! He was very tall, about 180 cm, wearing a leather jacket, had a mustache which made him look very cool, and wearing a silver necklace whiched expressed how rich and fashionable he is. His shoes were a pair of AJ 1 , his pants were those casual pants that were very comfortable to wear. I asked him why he would come to my house to visit me, he expalined to me that he saw I was subscribing him for years now and he wanted to see how what his youngest fan looked like. I told him, to come in the house because it is cold outside while I go get him a cup of tea. When I gave him his oolong tea and sat down together, he said to me that I could ask him any question he want.  So Iasked him questions like when is your new song going to come out, could you write a song for me, and could I have your autograph? He replied to me saying that he is planning to work on the new song with me today and the song is written for me, the autograph he will give me at the end of the day. so for the following 7 hours, we worked on a song called Lanting Preface which is ofcourse especially written for me. After we finished our song, we played It Takes Two on the Ps5 which is a present I got from my uncle Ben for my 9th birthday.  For the remaining time he will spend with me, I showed a collection of his cd's with me which i collected for 3 years now. He said it was very impressive and he says that now it is the time to go. I was very reluctant and didn't but him to go but I know that he cannot stay. He gave me his autograph, I said goodbye to him and he left. Today ws the most happy day of my life!