There is a reason why the term 'Mother Earth' is getting more prevalent. As humans living on Earth, this planet has always been our one and only source of sustenance, a supply of resources that has always been there. Therefore, it is absolutely vital that we try our best to maintain this sustainable relationship with Earth, however precarious it may be.

Currently, the main source of pollution has been plastic. The invention of this material is a great leap into the future for humanity, as it ensures efficient and cheap production of a plethora of different items. However, there are drawbacks. Plastic has been deemed one of the hardest materials to break down, which means that it poses a dire threat to this planet. One single piece of plastic can remain intact for thousands of years, harming eco systems and all species of flora and fauna.

The most prevalent use of plastic? Plastic bags. Yes reader, you have definitely used them before. These lightweight mass distributed bags are extremely convenient, and yet the consequences of using them stretch far into the future. Think of all these times that you took all the items out of the bag, and carelessly toss it into the bin without a second thought. Well, this bag goes from the bin to the trash collecting truck, from the truck to the landfill. Now, it either resides in that landfill for a very long time, secreting toxins into the soil; or it is burnt, releasing green house gas into the atmosphere; or it is dumped into the ocean, smothering countless sea creatures such as turtles. All this just because people wanted a cheap way to lug things around. 

Even if you don't care about harms to the environment, pollution caused by plastic bags also harms people directly. Earth is a system that is constantly circulating, which is why plastic often ends up in water supply, even in food sources. Research has shown that humans have been consuming a larger amount of plastic in the near present. This has the potential to cause a myriad of health defects, and is suspected to be a cause of some very deadly ailments that people currently suffer from. Therefore, now is definitely the time for action.

As an environmentally aware school community, we should most definitely abolish the use of plastic bags on campus. Even though school is simply a microcosm of society, it is crucial we begin here, in a facility responsible for the education of future generations, and inform people on the importance of preserving the environment, starting with the abolishment of plastic bags.