Through the past years, calls to ban plastic bags have arose among society, due to worldwide concerns on the topic of global warming and pollution of the earth, as an act to reduce environmental pollution, stopping environmental declination at its tracks. It is now suggested that plastic bags should be banned at school, which not only reduces waste, but also nurtures students' environmental conciousness and reduces massive usage of plastic products.

Firstly, banning plastic bags at school reduces waste, which is a main component of environmental protection. As plastic bags cannot be reused, they contribute to millions of tons of garbage in the world every year. Due to the unbiodegrable feature of plastic, they cause immense pollution to the environment, destroying lands and oceans. With the vast amount of students in school, the policy of banning plastic bag usage may lead to reduction of large amounts of plastic waste, thereby slowing down environmental pollution and the consequences of such, for example global warming or habitat loss of animals.

Secondly, environmental consciousness of students may be built up. By banning plastic bags at school, students may earn of actions of mankind to try to protect the environment. The ban exists in supermarkets in multiple countries, and the school trying such a policy may nourish students' interest in environmental protection, and information of the threats the world is facing can be introduced to students, as components of the plastic bag ban policy, giving students an insight of the centre of global attention, which may have large impact in the following years. Reduction of plastic usage may also help them develop a habit of reducing waste, and using reusable containers instead of plastic bags.

Thirdly, the usage of plastic bags in school is rather unnecessary, thus would not lead to too much discomfort amongst students. Main activities of students at school are usually learning in class or joining extra-curricular activities, both of which doesn't include using plastic. As students in school usually eat out or in the cafeteria, reusable containers or utensils are used. Fabric bags are commonly used to hold books or learning material, as examples of how plastic bags are completely uninvolved. Therefore, it is held that banning of plastic bags in school would not lead to unconvenience.

All in all, by weighing both environmental considerations and necessity of plastic bags in the school, it is concluded that plastic bags are unnecessary, and the ban would help students develop environmental interest and concerns, therefore it is suggested for plastic bags to be banned at our school.