"Technological breakthroughs have indeed a huge impact on peoples everyday lives. However, it is considered that advancements on earlier technology have more significant benefits on majority as compared with the latest discoveries and inventions these could ever offer. On my point of view, even though it is obvious that previous developments are continuously helping our lives, I still believe that the recent ones would definitely change our daily living and probably we will be dependent on these in the near future as well.\nGiven the appliances and gadgets that we have on our homes, for example, our washing machine, vacuum cleaner, telephones and television, these are inventions in the past that are continuously improving to make our lives better. Most of these things are improvised to a smart devices which help us lessen the manual efforts we do to complete a certain task like cleaning & drying. Moreover, our telephones and tv become smart mobile phones & tv which can now be connected to the internet which allows us to communicate even from the farthest corner of the earth. Smart TVs, likewise, provide us more choices of shows for entertainment. Having said that, it is undoubtedly accurate that these technologies have definitely improve the way we live.\nHowever, it is supported by some that recent technology and developments that are taken in place would not benefit humanity like what the earlier technology has been doing. As opposed to this, inventions & discoveries like GPS, mobile applications, robotics automation, artificial intelligence are still for continuous research and study for the betterment of everyones life, including the ordinary ones. For instance, mobile application are available and are helping nowadays for our transportation, shopping and entertainment which are almost impossible before to think that it would fit in a pocket for just a click from a small gadget. Automation & artificial intelligence were just a thing in private companies before, like business and healthcare establishments which eliminates manual and clerical process and even aid in the field of medicine and surgery. Nevertheless, it becomes almost available as well in our homes like applications namely Siri, Alexa, Bixby & Google which we use their intelligence to help us in our certain part of our daily lives. \nIn conclusion, though the recent developments are still under study, I believe that it will eventually impact our lives just like the earlier inventions that makes our lives easier. Just like other technologies, these will eventually become cheaper that would also allow ordinary people to have access on it and makes lives more comfortable."