"Technology refers to the use of tools, machines, materials, techniques and sources of power to make work easier and more productive. While science is concerned with understanding how and why things happen, technology deals with making things happen.\n\nDevelopment is closely related with technology. The stage of development the human being has arrived could have been possible without the advancement in technology. The radical change and advancement in the economy, as we observe today, is the result of the modern technology.\n\nTechnology has brought about efficiency and quality in the manufacturing sector. Technological advancement has reduced the risk involved in manufacturing enterprises. There has been tremendous improvement in the field of health the world over not only the average age of people has increased but the mortality rate has also declined considerably.\n\nThis could be possible only because of technological advancement in health sector. There is perhaps no field of human life which has not been affected by technology. Agriculture, industry, profession, health, education, art, political processes, recreation, religious activities and daily life activities all are under the influence of technology.\n\nBut, it is important to keep in mind that technological advancement has affected human life both positively as Well as negatively. Not only that life has become easy and comfortable, there are also indications of several threats to life and society in the future due to use/misuse of modern technology.\n\nThe nature and extent of development the human society has experienced by now is heading towards crises in future. The sustainability of development is in question today. This has happened only due to irrational use of technology.\n\nIt has been discussed here as to how development  economic as well as social  takes place with the advancement of technology but not without leaving a scar to threaten the human society. The development of technology, which itself is symptomatic of development, has brought about not only economic development but also radical changes in the social and cultural spheres of society.\n\nThis articles also points out the negative effects of technological advancements on social, cultural and economic aspects of human life. Technological advancement and development have come to a stage where human society finds itself at a crossroads. The positive as well as negative roles of technology have put humans into to a situation of flux and confusion."