"As we all know that we are living in a modern world of technologies. In many field technologies has reduced or made it easy for the work of humans. For example in the office, railway station, airports, hospitals,....etc. It is good to see that human work has become easier but at the same time there is a challenge for the people to build up themselves to be able to perform multi task so that they can earn their bread & butter. I agree that today's people are very busy  in earning money and they emphasis  on it because they have their family to feed, support the future of their children through education, maintain the standard of living & maintain health. But in this process the bread earner of the family has to sacrifice their interests & pleasure to live a good quality of life. They neglect themselves to fulfill the desires of their family members. At times they forget about themselves as they are too much engrossed in their daily work. Such people hardly able to give a quality time to their family members, their health & their pleasure. Instead they have made themselves a machine to earn money than to earn happiness. \n\nIn spite of busy schedule there are people whom I have observed that along with the earning of bread & butter people are understanding the need of giving priorities to their family. People are becoming smarter to balance between professional & personal life.  Now a days there are people who understand the value of good quality life. They indulge themselves in work as well as sports or gym. Because they understand the value of health & spending time with their family members. I do understand that financially independent is important but at the same time living a good quality life is very important. Along with earning money one needs to emphasis in spending quality time with family, friends, with their interests like sports, outing, travelling, hobbies & other fun activities which makes us happy from within. This is important to rejuvenate ourselves & energies ourselves with positive energy to work with more enthusiastic & lively way. "