"In todays world, making substantial changes in society has always been a major concern for every nation. It is believed that these changes can be made only by the government, whereas others argue that an individual can make a difference and eventually change the society. This essay will address both sides of this argument and finally reach to a conclusion with an opinion.\n\nOn the one hand, It is considered that government of every nation can make important changes in society by enforcing the law and conducting the awareness seminars. To put this in another way, peoples safety can only be ensured if the government enforces law and order in society. For instance, according to a social experiment, safety is a crucial matter in a society which is being expected by people from the ruling administration. Moreover, government should take effective steps in order to conduct the awareness seminars which will help people to aware and understand the acute problems of a society. Thus, it is clear that government plays a vital role in making a significant difference between a better and worse society.\n\nOn the other hand, Despite government aid, individuals should understand the responsibilities towards the betterment of a society. Firstly, people can change the society by actively participating in the social activities. For example, being social activists, they will understand and resolve the critical issues of the society which cannot be felt without being socialist. Secondly, youngsters should be encouraged to attain a higher education and set an example in a society for others who have been demoralized in their life. Finally, a person should be helpful and kind to others and especially to those who are needy. Therefore, it has been proven that every individual has a potential to change the society by simply encouraging and motivating themselves.\n\nIn conclusion, after discussing the both sides of an argument, in my opinion, although it should be the prime responsibility of the government in making important changes in a society, the individuals should also be matured and responsible in order to help society emerging from worse conditions and to make it a better place."