"Individual can do nothing to change society but if we work together and try to make changes in the society then the mindset of the society can be changed.\nA healthy and happy life relies entirely on society, which is worsening as global urbanization increases. Some people think that governments alone are responsible for implementing new developments in society and that civilians are incapable of making any kind of contribution. According to me, every individual is important for society's growth.\n\nNumerous government entities and institutions make major contributions to discoveries and developments that serve to bring about constructive change in society. For example, one of the top non-government organizations in India, Smile Foundation, helps underprivileged kids finish their education and secure a well-paying job. This program will help us reduce the rate of poverty in our nation, making it one of the greatest improvements we can make for our society. Even though these institutions offer help to the people, it is completely up to every individual to make the best use of this opportunity to advance both his or her ambitions and those of society.\n\nMany different approaches can be employed to influence a shift in social settings. Even the smallest action toward a happy and pleasant lifestyle can be considered a change. Small changes made by people would add up to significant changes in their everyday schedules. For instance, many regions of the world are suffering from natural disasters. In these conditions, people could provide those who suffer with food or money to help them deal with their losses. People could also volunteer to help educate kids in schools and teach alternatives for people who can't read or write to generate revenue.\n\nIn conclusion, a government or organization is made up of different individuals, and hence, every person is contributing to the process of making society better. Their small contributions add up to more than what a government could provide. "