"It is often said that earlier technological advancements drove more benefits, and changed the lives of general citizens more profoundly than contemporary technological developments. I, however, fundamentally disagree with the perception and put forward the view that recent technological advancements confer more advantage than perhaps ever before.\n\nFor a start, the most decisive advantage of recent technological advances is information storage and information for all. In the past, technology was confined in research labs and ordinary people had very little to do with them. University and education were for aristocratic people which we can now access without even leaving our room. Digital devices were mostly owned by rich people and ordinary people worked manually to complete their tasks. Besides, technological devices, nowadays, enable the storage of tremendous amounts of information in relatively small spaces and they are affordable. Most information is publicly available and the internet is connecting all from every corner of the world.\n\nLikewise, another amazing benefit of recent digital technology that is almost taken for granted is the versatility. These devices in fact are ridiculously versatile. The smartphones, for instance, which are owned by even lower-middle-class and poor people, is a great example of how modern technology have changed the way people work, communicate, live and plan their life. In the past, it was impossible to think a factory worker owning a powerful computer to access important data. Furthermore, modern technology is meant to connect ordinary people and they are the primary consumers, unlike the past when affluent people could afford the latest gizmos and technology.\n\nIn the same token, social connectivity is another revolutionary advantage of contemporary digital technology. The cutting-edge technology makes it convenient to remain in touch with family, friends, and work remotely, even though they are in another part of the globe. They are able to communicate through audio, video, and texts. Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, small software, and apps have all been devised to help us to socialize, do banking, shopping and meet people.\n\nFrom the discussion above, it proves to be reasonable to conclude that contemporary digital technology is far better, more powerful and affordable than that of the past. They are also connecting all so that people from all walks of life can reap the benefits of modern technology.\n\n"