     The door creaks open, numerous shreaks arise from my lungs as a strange yet familiar person sets foot into the house. This scene will be played when a famous person comes to my home, and most likely, she will be a figure skating athlete; or even better, an olympic medalist. If such dreams are to come true, the visitor should feel delighted after the visit, as everything has already been planned through my imaginations: the witness of her beauty, the dialogue between us, and even the tour around the house.
    As she enters the room, she shall be wearing daily clothes in which usual teenagers wear, unlike those dresses which were worn for competition. Since she's an athlete, she wouldn't be extroadinarily tall, but is rather around the average height. She will look rather muscular but soft within, and walk gracefully through the doors, glancing around the house. She is famous since she got a medal in the Olympics, proving her ability as an athlete, but also rising her fame among people. Another reason would be that she skates gorgeously and is extremely eye catching, causing more people to become interested in her as well as to like her. With these backgrounds, she had became a considerably famous person around the globe.
     I should greet her and bow in respect, showing my admiration towards her. She too would smile and convey her appreciation of my support. I then will tell her my love in the sport of figure skating and probably ask for professional advices, since this is a crucial and unique chance in my life. Later, it would be entertaining to sit down and ask some questions about her own experiences and progress in iceskating during her childhood if it's available.
     Finally, bringing her onto a tour of the house is similarly critical, as it can deepen her understanding of me as well as bring more interest into the visit. If I had the chance, I will show her some pictures of her in my room to demonstrate her importance towards me. I will also show her some of my own hobbies and introduce her some of my favorite books, in order to connect more with her. Other unimportant small things may be shared as well to build a tighter bond between us and to create a warming atmostphere for this visit.
     With all these plans illustrated above, it will be a successful tour in the house and an exciting experience for the visitor as well.