Dear Radio Daily,

The competition was based upon the community voting for the most voted music or art piece within a month. However, I believe I should be the winner of the music category. All the free chocolate within the prize has also made me hungry for success which led me to write to Radio Daily, about why I should be the winner of the music category.

The music I produced had been in the works even before the competition even started. Looking at my passion for music, I understood that writing a song that had a backstory and meaning to it would be a very difficult task and would need much care in the studio to perfectly craft a masterpiece which is music. Fortifying my script with other music artists' consideration, without a shadow of a doubt could be the next big hit when it drops down.

Coming out of Yale School of Music with a Bachelor's degree, I believe that I would be more than qualified to differentiate the difference between a well-written song and a rushed song.  Yale School of Music was not an easy task as I dropped almost every part of my academic freedom and placed it in a risky industry. The world of music is a vast one and I studied hard to get first-class honors in my year group. Studying the culture of music has given me the inspiration to write my songs and hopefully become an artist one day my starting point is winning this competition. 

Knowing the prize is a one-year supply of chocolate, there could be an extensive list of ideas of what I could do with it. Eating all of the chocolate would not be the smartest choice as it could leave me in a much worse place which could make me have an addiction to chocolate. Instead, I would be thinking about using the chocolate for good and giving them out to the less fortunate. Not only would it be easier for the load to not be wasted, but could also help with my personal reputation and my love for the community. I would also keep some for myself to eat and maybe bake some cake if I find the time to. 

To conclude my statement, the music competition will not only be a great start to my career but would also be a delicious treat for the community.

Thank you for your time,
Christopher