Today is Saturday, the day that I'm expecting for months, because a famous person is coming to my home! It is Tom Holland! As soon as I get up, I am thinking about what I need to say to Tom, what things to show him, and also imagine how kind he is, what he will say if he see all my Spider-Man collection. While I'm thinking about it, the bell ring, I am suprise that Tom come that early! I run towards the door, politley open the door, and see a man with quite a long hair, smiling towards me gentally. 'Hello!' says Tom, 'Is this Eddie's home?' 'Yes' I said with a exciting voice, 'I ah.....I am......I' 'Don't be nervous, talk to me like you talk to your friend' Tom says gentally. I lead him to the living room, and he is so kind and so polite, and Tom is talking about his story of becoming famous. He said that he's famous only because he act Spider-Man, and everybody love this charatcer, he's really happy to act this character and he's also happy that everybody like him. And after talking about how he becoming famous. Now is my turn to show all my action figures of Spider-Man. I lead him to my room showing all my collector of spide-rman, I told him that I like Spider-Man for 9 years, and I collect these figures when I was little, and I'm really happy that Spider-Man had eventually get into the MCU, so I collect more and more. Tom is pretty shock of this many figures I have collected, he said that I'm the first teenager he had seen for collecting this many figures of Spider-Man, I'm so excited and glad to hear Tom said that. Tom said that he needs to go to other houses to vist other Fans of him, I say good-bye to Tom, and he go out quickly. But after a while the door bell ring again, Ding, Ding, Ding, but this time the bell is different...Ding, Ding, Ding! My clock next to me woke me up, Oh no, it was only a dream! The thing that I had do was all happend in my head, but think about it, is it true that things happen to my head is always not real? I smiled, looking at my action figures of Spider-Man, and said, 'Good morning Spidy!' 