As I heard footsteps ouside the door, the clock suddenly screamed. Just as I peered through the hole, the person rang the bell. I opened the door and I was shocked to see that it wasn't any ordinary delivery man, but it was BTS! I screamed to loud even my dog sprinted down the stairs to see what was going on. "OMG! Is it really BTS?!" I screamed to the top of my lungs. "Hello we are BTS! Kim namjoon, Kim Soekjin, Minyoogi, Jung hoseok, Park jimin, Kim taehyung, Jeon Jungkook and BTS!" they greated in korean which I understood because of how much korean dramas I watched. "MOM!! BTS is here!" my mom jumped down the stairs and rushed to greet BTS with a welcoming smile. "Can I take a photo with you guys? Is it fine? Feel free to take any food from our home! This home is yours!" while my mom was babbling the words out of her mouth she was stuttering since she was also a huge fan of BTS and her Bias Wrecker was Jungkook. I quickly ran to grab seven slippers for the seven members to come into our home. All of the members had wonderful and pleasant smilings ln their faces with polite manners. I was too shocked and nervous to speak to them since I would not know they would come to my home. Each of them walked into my home and I led them to the bathroom to clean their hands. After that, My mother cooked Kimbab and rice cakes for the seven members to eat. "Wow! this is delicious!" replied Namjoon. All the other members nodded their heads and agreed since it was actually really good. "So, Why did you come to our house? What has led you guys to come to our house? Its a pleasure to have you guys come you know?" said my mother. My mother's was probably feeling exited, just like me my heart was beating really quickly because I thought I would never be able to see the BTS members in real life. Jungkook shoved the whole bowl of rice cakes in his mouth and his smile was extremely wide and large which made me smile too. "Want to see my room? I am a really big fan of you guys!" I shouted across the table. "Obviously! Sure!" As they entered my room they were gasping and in shock but in a happy way. "I bought many albums and merches from you guys! I got the hoodie, the bags, the acessories and even the music albums from you guys! look at the walls! I even stuck every single member on the wall." I guided them through my room. "Wow this is amazing. You are so kind hearted and I hope that we can bring happiness and joy to you and your family! Hope to see you guys again! Bye!" they bowed down and walked out of hour home with their things. 
 