People can be famous in different ways, if they are a important politician, a wealthy merchant, great scientist or an Idol. I'm going to focus on idol in this article, idol are generally famous due to better appearance compare to others, and how often they are on the screen, how often they appear in the public's view and how active, what kind of person they are. The idol I imagine comes to my home is Hua Chen Yu.

Hua Chen Yu is a Chinese and he is a male idol, specially focus on singing and a small part of acting. He is about 176 cm high and is having a good appearance in my aesthetic standard. He was famous because he has a great talen in music and was a teenager musician. He became popular when he was very young by both of his appearance and talent. He created and published lots of popular music to different age of people, and became more famous by participating in variety shows.

If I have an opportunity to make friend with him in my life, I will be very thanful in the first place. I will first tell him how admirable his is and how I adore him, I will talk about his music with him, and see what his inspiration came from. I will communicate with hime just like a friend, for not giving too. much pressure between us. We will be talking about our everydar life, and to learn about each other and see what kind of person we really are, we will be talking about things which we both interested on and what we think shouldn't be done.

I will bring him to my room, to show hime every ticket that I had for going to his concert and shows. I will show him every clips of videos and pictures that I took of the movies he acted and the variety shows that he has participated in. I will show him every sovenirs that I bought because of him, and every one of his autograph that I gathered. I will show him what I liked, what honor I got in my life, share my past experience with him, so it is not only me that know about him, just to be fair, to let him know me as well if he want to.

When he comes in my house, we are friends instead of an actor and audience. We will be showing each other the real of ourselves. We don't have to act anymore and be cautious about everything we have said and done. We will communicate with each other about thing we like and don't and show each other what we have and why I liked hime.


 