  Plastic bags, mostly used in supermarkets have been banned from supermarkets in a number of countries. The most common reason is to be more eco-friendly and to produce less waste, and also to protect the animals such as turtles as they might confuse plastic bags for food. Yet our school hasn't acknowledge the negative impact plastic bags could have in school.
  FIrstly, allowing plastic bags could destroy lives of some sea anmals. As you all might know, animals such as turtles and dolphines eat jelly fish, which is mostly transparent. The dolphines and turtles might confuse plastic bags that have been thrown into the sea by humans as jelly fishes. That could make them sufficate or seriously hurt them, which may lead dolphines to extinct. Plastic bags could also destroy homes of sea animals that live on seabeds  by covering the seabed with live-threatening plastic bags.
  Secondly, younger students might play with plastic bags and accindentally hurt other students with plastic bags. Almost every children have no intention of harming other people, matter of fact they even love to interact with their peers and play with each others. But they might not know what they should play with and what they shouldn't play with. Younger students might think that playing with plastic bags and making it a hat funny, some students might also think that putting a plastic bag on their head funny. But they have no idea that it could possibly sufficate other classmates without the intention of doing so, which could cause serious injuries and even death.
  Thirdly, there will be alot of waste produced by both students and teachers. Although plastic bags are very convenient, it carries a lot of disadvantages, such as it is a one time use item. Most people think that it would be way faster to through plastic bags in normal rubbish bins rather than recycling bins, which could effect the environment by producing a lot of waste and polluting the air as the bags are being burnt when sent to the wasteland. It could also harm the enviroment if some people litter
  In conclution, I think that school should ban plastic bags and heavily recommend everyone in the school to use bags that can be used more than once. Not only can that save the enviroment and animals, it could also save the energy spent on recycling the plastic bags.